---
layout: default
title: License
company-alias: "Adarta"
company-name: "ADARTA Inc."
site: "HeartbleedSearch.com"
terms: ""
---
##Copyrights

&copy; 2014, {{ page.company-name }}, 
&copy; 2014, {{ page.site }}

Services: Any content on this site. The chrome extension called "{{ site.name }}".

#Terms of Use 
Welcome to {{ page.site }} (the “Site”), a website operated by {{ page.company-name }} (“{{ page.company-alias }}”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). {{ page.company-alias }} is a California based corporation. We provide our users (collectively, “you” or “your”) with information, tools, applications, services and products (collectively, the “Services”). This agreement contains the complete terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”, the “Terms”) that apply to your participation, joining, buying and all other activities you will make in our Site.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING THE SITE OR USING THE SERVICES YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS SITE OR OUR SERVICES. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE USE OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS IN ORDER TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, TO CREATE OTHER RECORDS AND TO THE ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF NOTICES, POLICIES AND RECORDS OF TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND {{ page.company-alias }} WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, AS FURTHER DETAILED IN SECTION 14.

This agreement describes and encompasses the entire agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, Services and the subject matter of this agreement. We may at our sole discretion change, add, or delete portions of these Terms of Use at any time without specific notice to your end. Agreement posted on the Site reflects the latest agreement and you should carefully review the same before you use our Site or Services.

VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE TERMS OF USE WILL RESULT IN THE TERMINATION OF YOUR RIGHT TO USE THE SITE, THE SERVICES, AND ANY ACCOUNT THAT YOU MAY HAVE CREATED AS PART OF THE SERVICES. YOU AGREE TO USE THE SITE AND THE SERVICES AT YOUR OWN RISK. We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
##License and Ownership

{{ page.site }} hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide right to access and use our Site and Services, solely with supported browsers for your own internal purposes, subject to these Terms of Use. You may not permit the Site or Services to be used by or for the benefit of unauthorized third parties. Nothing in the Terms of Use shall be construed to grant you any right to transfer or assign rights to access or use the Site. All rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by {{ page.site }} and its licensors. You shall not (i) modify or make derivative works based upon the Site; (ii) reverse engineer or access the Site in order to (a) build a competitive product or service, (b) build a product using similar features, functions or graphics of the Site, or (c) copy any features, functions or graphics of the Site. You further acknowledge and agree that, as between the parties, {{ page.site }} owns all right, title, and interest in and to the Site, including all intellectual property rights therein.

{{ page.site }} reserves all copyrighted and copyright-able materials on the Site or Software, including but not limited to the text, design, manuals, product information, graphics, images, pictures, sound and other files, and the selection, compilation and arrangement thereof in its collective sense.  

##Your Eligibility and Responsibilities

The Site and Services are available only to individuals who have the capacity to form legally binding contracts under the law applicable to these Terms of Use. Furthermore, our Site and Services are not available to minors (under 18 years of age). If you do not qualify as an authorized user, you are not permitted to use our Site and Services and no contract will be formed between you and {{ page.company-alias }}. By accessing and using our Site and Services, you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years old and with full authority, right, and capacity to enter into this agreement.

You agree to only provide us with true, accurate, current and complete information. If we believe or suspect that your information is not true, accurate, current or complete, we may deny or terminate your access to the Site or Services (or any portion thereof). Any information provided by you or gathered by the Site or third parties during any visit to the site shall be subject to the terms of {{ page.company-alias }}’ Privacy Policy.

You are responsible for all activity occurring under your Accounts and are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable local, state, national and foreign laws, treaties and regulations relating to your use of the Site, including those related to the protection of intellectual property, data privacy, international communications and the transmission of technical or personal data.

You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment and ancillary services needed to connect to, access or otherwise use the Site or Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, server, software, Internet browsers operating system, networking, web servers, long distance and local telephone service, but excluding our Site or Services itself (collectively, “Equipment”). You shall be responsible for ensuring that such Equipment is compatible with the Site or Services. You shall also be responsible for the use, and maintaining the security, of the Equipment.

##Prohibited Acts

(a) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any information, materials or other content that is illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, offensive, invades another’s privacy, or promotes bigotry, racism, hatred or harm against any individual or group; (b) impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (c) phish, collect, upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any login data and/or passwords for other web sites, software or services; (d) phish, collect, upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available credit card information or other forms of financial data used for collecting payments; (e) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Site or Services; (f) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any information, materials or other content that infringes another’s rights, including any intellectual property rights; (g) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation; (h) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (i) use any manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to “crawl,” “spider” or “screen scrape” any web pages contained in the Site or Services; (j) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any of the software used to provide the Site or Services; (k) reproduce, duplicate or copy or exploit any other portion of the Site or Services, without the express written permission of {{ page.company-alias }}; (l) interfere with or (m) disrupt the Site or Services, or any servers or networks connected to the Site or Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Site or Services; (n) obtain, collect, store or modify the personal information about other users; (o) modify, adapt or hack the Site and/or our Services or falsely imply that some other site is associated with the Site, our Services or {{ page.company-alias }}; or (p) use the Site or Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You must not, in the use of the Site or Services, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).

##Feedback

In the event that you provide us any ideas, thoughts, criticisms, suggested improvements or other feedback related to the Site or the Services (collectively "Feedback"), you agree we may use the Feedback to modify our Services and that you will not be due any compensation, including any royalty related to the product or service that incorporates your Feedback. You grant to us a worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, modify, translate, distribute, perform, display, import, sell, offer for sale, make, have made and otherwise exploit the Feedback in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, and to allow others to do the same. This is true whether you provide the Feedback on the Site or through any other method of communication with us, unless we have entered into a separate agreement with you that provides otherwise.

##Modification to the Site, Services

We reserve the right to modify or discontinue the Site or Services with or without notice to you. We will not be liable to you or any third party should we exercise our right to modify or discontinue the Site and/or Services. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse will be to cease access to the Site or Services. Continued access to the Site or Services following notice of any such changes will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and satisfaction with the Site or Services as so modified. You agree that we, in our sole discretion, may immediately terminate your access to the Site and Services at any time, for any reason, in our sole discretion. YOU AGREE THAT WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCESS TO THE SITE OR SERVICES.

##Privacy

We know that your privacy is important. For this reason, we have created a privacy policy that describes our collection, use and disclosure practices regarding any personal information that you provide to us. The security of your personal information is important to us. While there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to help ensure the safety of your personal information. However, you understand and agree that such steps do not guarantee that the Site and the Services are invulnerable to all security breaches or immune from viruses, security threats or other vulnerabilities. {{ page.company-alias }} reserves the right to cooperate with local, state, provincial and national authorities in investigations of improper or unlawful activities and this may require the disclosure of your personal information. We may also report to other organizations about improper or unlawful user activities and this reporting may include disclosure of personal information relating to those individuals conducting such improper or unlawful activities.

##Third Party Content and other Websites

Content from other users, suppliers, advertisers, and other third parties may be made available to you through the Site and/or the Services. Because we do not control such content, you agree that we are not responsible for any such content. We do not make any guarantees about the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of the information in such content, and we assume no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content made available by other users, advertisers, and other third parties or violation of any third party rights related to such content. The Site and Services may contain links to websites not operated by us. We are not responsible for the content, products, materials, or practices (including privacy practices) of such websites. You understand that by using the Site and/or Services you may be exposed to third-party websites that you find offensive, indecent or otherwise objectionable. We make no warranty, representation, endorsement, or guarantee regarding, and accept no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of third party websites, products or services accessible by hyperlink or otherwise from the Site or Services. We provide these links for your convenience only and we do not control such websites. Our inclusion of links to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the materials on such third party websites or any association with their operators. The Site and Services may contain links to websites that are operated by us but which operate under different terms of use. It is your responsibility to review the privacy policies and terms of use of any other website you visit. YOU AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH ANY WEBSITES, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTY.


Disclaimer of Warranties

THE SERVICES, AND ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER. {{ page.company-alias }} AND ITS LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. {{ page.company-alias }} AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES. {{ page.company-alias }} DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (I) THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (IV) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SITE OR SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. {{ page.company-alias }} AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM, ANY WARRANTIES FOR ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT OR ADVICE OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES. {{ page.company-alias }} AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES FOR SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE {{ page.company-alias }} SERVICES OR RECEIVED THROUGH ANY LINKS PROVIDED BY THE SITE.

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE FORMS AND CONTENT ON THE SITE AND THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE SUBMISSION OR DOWNLOAD OF SUCH CONTENT.

Technical support is only provided to paying Account holders and is only available via email. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond within a reasonable amount of time during regular business hours.

SOME STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE AND JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.

##Limitation of Liability

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE ARE ONLY WILLING TO PROVIDE ACCESS TO THE SITE AND SERVICES IF YOU AGREE TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS OF OUR LIABILITY TO YOU AND TO THIRD PARTIES. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF REVENUES, PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, LOST OPPORTUNITIES, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF SUCH PARTIES WERE ADVISED OF, KNEW OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY), ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO, OR THE INABILITY TO USE OR TO ACCESS, THE SITE OR THE SERVICES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), WARRANTY, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD PARTY MERCHANTS OR FOR ANY INFORMATION APPEARING ON THIRD PARTY MERCHANT SITES OR ANY OTHER SITE LINKED TO OUR SITE. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SITE AND THE SERVICES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. TO THE EXTENT THAT WE MAY NOT, AS A MATTER OF APPLICABLE LAW, DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR LIMIT LIABILITIES, THE SCOPE AND DURATION OF SUCH WARRANTY AND THE EXTENT OF OUR LIABILITY WILL BE THE MINIMUM PERMITTED UNDER SUCH APPLICABLE LAW.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE OR OUR LICENSORS BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DELAY OR FAILURE IN PERFORMANCE RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM ACTS OF NATURE, FORCES, OR CAUSES BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INTERNET FAILURES, COMPUTER EQUIPMENT FAILURES, TELECOMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT FAILURES, OTHER EQUIPMENT FAILURES, ELECTRICAL POWER FAILURES, STRIKES, LABOR DISPUTES, RIOTS, INSURRECTIONS, CIVIL DISTURBANCES, SHORTAGES OF LABOR OR MATERIALS, FIRES, FLOODS, STORMS, EXPLOSIONS, ACTS OF GOD, WAR, GOVERNMENTAL ACTIONS, ORDERS OF DOMESTIC OR FOREIGN COURTS OR TRIBUNALS, OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF THIRD PARTIES. Some states do not allow exclusion of implied warranties, so these exclusions may not apply in individual cases. You may have additional rights that vary from state to state. To the extent that we may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty, the scope and duration of such warranty will be the minimum permitted under such applicable law.

##Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless {{ page.company-alias }}, our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, co-branders and other partners, employees, consultants and agents, from and against any and all third-party claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, expenses, fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs) that such parties may incur as a result of or arising from: (i) your use of the Site or Services, including any Content you submit thereto (except to the extent prohibited by law); (ii) your violation of these Terms of Use; (iii) your violation of any rights of any other person or entity; (iv) your Account; or (v) any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, spyware, malware, cancelbots or other similar harmful or deleterious programming routines input by you into the Site or Services.

##Release

You hereby release {{ page.company-alias }}, its officers, employees, agents and successors from claims, demands any and all losses, damages, rights, claims, and actions of any kind including, without limitation, personal injuries, death, and property damage, that is either directly or indirectly related to or arises from your use of the Site or the Services. You hereby waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which states: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor" and you waive any other similar provision of the laws of any other applicable jurisdiction.

##Electronic Communications

We can only give you the benefits of our service by conducting business through the Internet, and therefore we need you to consent to our giving you Communications electronically. This Section 14 informs you of your rights when receiving Communications from us electronically. For contractual purposes, you (i) consent to receive communications from us in an electronic form; and (ii) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, documents, disclosures, and other communications ("Communications") that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such Communications would satisfy if it were in a writing. Your consent to receive Communications and do business electronically, and our agreement to do so, applies to all of your interactions and transactions with us. The foregoing does not affect your non-waivable rights. You may also receive a copy of these Terms of Use by accessing this Site. You may withdraw your consent to receive Communications electronically by contacting us in the manner described below. If you withdraw your consent, from that time forward, you must stop using the Site and Services. The withdrawal of your consent will not affect the legal validity and enforceability of any obligations or any electronic Communications provided or business transacted between us prior to the time you withdraw your consent. Please keep us informed of any changes in your email or mailing address so that you continue to receive all Communications without interruption.

##General terms

You are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws. The Terms of Use and the relationship between you and {{ page.company-alias }} will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any choice of laws principles that would require the application of the laws of a different country or state. Any legal action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Terms of Use, or your use of the Site or Services must be instituted exclusively in the federal or state courts located in Los Angeles County, California and in no other jurisdiction. You further consent to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in, and agree to service of process issued or authorized by, any such court. These Terms of Use are personal to you, and you may not transfer, assign or delegate your right and/or duties under these Terms of Use to anyone else and any attempted assignment or delegation is void. You acknowledge that we have the right hereunder to seek an injunction, if necessary, to stop or prevent a breach of your obligations hereunder. The paragraph headings in these Terms of Use, shown in boldface type, are included only to help make these Terms of Use easier to read and have no binding effect. Any delay or failure by us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. No waiver by us will have effect unless such waiver is set forth in writing, signed by us; nor will any such waiver of any breach or default constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. These Terms of Use constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between you and us with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior oral or written understandings, communications or agreements. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms of Use, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision of the Terms of Use will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of these Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.

##Term

This agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Site and Services. We may terminate your Account for any reason at any time. If you are using a paid version of the Services and we terminate your Account in the Services because you have breached this agreement, you will not be entitled to any refund of unused subscription fees. Even after your Account is terminated, certain sections of this agreement will remain in effect.

##Contacting Us

If you have any questions or concerns about our Site, our Services, your Account, or anything else, feel free to contact us.

##Notice and Violations

We may give notice to you by email, a posting on the Site, or other reasonable means. You must give notice to us in writing via email, using our contact form. Please report any violations of these Terms of Use to us.
